DOCS-9403 Partner Manager Editing (#88)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/setup-edit.adoc

= Set Up Partner Manager

> Before you can deploy message flows from Partner Manager, you must set up and configure Anypoint Partner Manager for use by the team members in your organization who configure, deploy, and monitor B2B Trading Partner profiles and message flows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you can deploy message flows from Anypoint Partner Manager, you must set up and configure it for use by your teammates who configure, deploy, and monitor B2B trading partner profiles and message flows.
```

== Prerequisites

> Before you set up Partner Manager, you must have:

Reviewer: These edits are just kind of random attempts at minimalizing the language. Your choice.
```suggestion
To set up Partner Manager, you must have:
```

> * An Aypoint Platform user account with the Anypoint Partner Manager entitlement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An Anypoint Platform user account with the Anypoint Partner Manager entitlement.
```

> * The Partner Manager Administrator role, which assigns permission levels for all users who need access to B2B message flows in their environment (Production or  Sandbox).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Partner Manager Administrator role, which assigns permission levels for all users who need access to B2B message flows in their environments (production or  sandbox).
```

> * The required Mule vCore capacity to handle your B2B transaction workload needs. 

Reviewer: Alternative to "handle"? "accommodate"? "enough capacity to meet..."?

* Licenses for the connectors that are used in your B2B message flows based on the protocols and message formats you are using:
* AS2 connector

> * X12 connector

Reviewer: Format as subordinate to intro list item
OR
"Licenses for the AS2 or X12 connectors used in your B2B message flows."

> * Anypoint Studio 7.4 or later in order to create DataWeave maps for EDI data transformation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Anypoint Studio 7.4 or later, to create DataWeave maps for EDI data transformation
```

If you require assistance, contact your account representative.

> == Storage Requirements

Reviewer: I don't understand the transition here: do you intend to distinguish between prerequisites and requirements that are also prerequisites by making this and the following two topics peers of ==Prerequisites?

> Storage for the B2B transmission payloads you send or receive, such as a database, Amazon S3, Azure Blob Storage, and so on. +

Reviewer: Since this is not a bullet list item or the definition in a dlist, I would make this a complete sentence.

> For more information, refer to xref:setup-payload-storage-API.adoc[Set up the Payload Storage API for Partner Manager].

Reviewer: See prev. comments about narrative cross-refs that are only "nice to know."

== Deployment Requirements

> 

Reviewer: different format from its peers above and below; title straight into list
Try to make all three parallel

> * Mule runtime engine (Mule) 4.2.2 or later (for on-premises only).

Reviewer: Do we need to comment about standalone?
Maybe...:
```suggestion
* Mule runtime engine (Mule) 4.2.2 or later for on-premises installations
```

> * Keep the default deployment of message flows to CloudHub (for information on CloudHub settings, refer to xref:cloudhub-deploy-options.adoc[CloudHub Deployment Options], or deploy to your own hosted on-premise Mule runtime, by clicking *Stop deploying to CloudHub* and going to  xref:deploy-onpremise.adoc[Deploy On-Premises for Partner Manager]).

Reviewer: This is an instruction, not parallel to the noun list item above it.
Make list items parallel.
Possibility:
```suggestion
* Deployment of message flows to CloudHub (default)
+
For information about CloudHub settings, refer to xref:cloudhub-deploy-options.adoc[CloudHub Deployment Options]. To deploy to your own hosted on-premise Mule instance, click *Stop deploying to CloudHub* and refer to  xref:deploy-onpremise.adoc[Deploy On-Premises for Partner Manager]).
```
HOWEVER...this is an odd list item, because the cross-refs include instructions to the user, and that is confusing.
I suggest reworking to actually list requirements and requirements only:
* v4.2.2 or later on-premises
* Deployment environment
** CloudHub
** On-premises

Maybe this whole topic should be divided into CloudHub vs. On-prem deployment reqs?

== Parter Manager Permissions

> You can assign the following permissions, per Anypoint Platform environment, to your Partner Manager users:

Reviewer: Alternative:
```suggestion
For each sandbox and production environment, assign the following permissions to your Partner Manager users:
```

*  *Partner Manager Administrator* +

> Has full permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Has full permissions
```
This is kind of awk, having just one characteristic when the others have two or more and they are bulleted. But I don't see a solution.

* *View Host, Partners, and Message Flows* +

> ** View-only access to the host, partner, and message flow configurations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Has view-only access to the host, partner, and message flow configurations
```

** Cannot view Transactions activity
* *Manage Partners and Message Flows* +
** Can create, modify, and delete partners or message flow configurations
** Can view host partner configurations
** Cannot view transaction activity
* *Manage Activity* + 
** Can view and manage transaction activity

> ** Cannot view or modify either partner or message flow configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Cannot view or modify either partner or message flow configurations
```
